Superhero api (#1)
snowplow-incubator/technical-tests: superhero-api/README.md

## Your Task

**Your task is to set up testing to ensure that The Superhero Service operates correctly.**

Your test must demonstrate that The Superhero Service correctly reads the source of data, transforms the data, and forwards the data to the Superhero HTTP API.

Unfortunately, for our tests we are not allowed to use the _real_ Superhero HTTP API servers.  But you must still aim to validate how the Superhero Service sends data to a HTTP endpoint, insofar as possible.

Assume that the features of Snowbridge are already well covered by unit tests; you are not required to demonstrate the general features of Snowbridge. The goal of this exercise is to test the specific functionality of The Superhero Service.

Specific instructions:

- Use Go if possible (our internal QA setup is written using Go)
- Set up a test HTTP server to receive the data in your tests
- Write tests to cover the core functionality of The Superhero Service, as far as is practical
- Keep it simple
- Use code for as much of the process as is practical
- Write a short guide for how to run the the tests - a short readme or code comment would work. Choose whatever is most fitting for your solution

> Push your solution to a GitHub repo and send us a link to it. Please do not create a PR against this repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Push your solution to a private GitHub repo and invite us to it - please add <insert_git_usernames>. Please do not create a PR against this repo.
```

This ensures the test remains private for the evaluation as otherwise an enterprising soul might find solutions online.
